Replace .NET Framework with .NET where applicable (#20025)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/async/cancel-an-async-task-or-a-list-of-tasks.md

The examples use the UI that [Fine-Tuning Your Async Application (C#)](./fine-tuning-your-async-application.md) describes.

> [!NOTE]

> > To run the examples, you must have Visual Studio 2012 or newer and the .NET Framework 4.5 or higher installed on your computer.

Reviewer: Not likely anyone is still using VS earlier than 2012

```suggestion
> To run the examples, you must have the .NET Framework 4.5 or later installed on your computer.
```
